linens file types.
Did you know there are seven different types of linens files in Lenox that includes
directories,
lengths and whole bunch of other stuff?
Let's look at them one by one.
The 1st 1 is a regular file,
anything that does not have a letter associated to it in the beginning.
Off it,
it's a regular file.
Anything that starts with D.
It's a directory.
Any attributes off a file that has a L in front?
If it is a link and anything starts with C is a special file or device file,
meaning if you attach a key boat or a C,
P or memory,
anything that is attached to your system that has also created as a file and that false
starts with C and there is a socket file starts with s name pipe that starts with P and a
block device that starts with B often times thes are the type of questions that are asked
during the interview.
They'll ask you tell me the file that stars with,
um,
see,
what does that file is for or what is the file that starts with P?
Remember,
I'm not talking about the file name I'm talking about the first column that you see when
you run ls minus l that defines a type off file that you're dealing with.